JS SDK Revamp (#725)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/detecting-adblocked-pages.mdx

---
title: "Detecting Ad-blocked Pages"

> description: Detailed guide on detecting the ad-blocked pages using the JavaScript SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Detailed technical documentation on using the JavaScript SDK to detect the ad-blocked pages.
```

---

> The JavaScript SDK lets you send a page view containing the relevant markers that determine whether a page is ad-blocked. You can analyze this data to find what percentage of your website's page views are affected by the ad blockers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript SDK lets you send a page view containing the relevant markers that determine whether a page is ad-blocked. You can analyze this data to find what percentage of your website's page views are affected by adblockers.
```

## Sending an ad-blocked page view

To send an ad-blocked page view, load the JavaScript SDK as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL, {
    sendAdblockPage: true,
    sendAdblockPageOptions: {
        integrations: {
            All: false,
            Amplitude: true
        }
    }
});
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Replace the <Link to="/resources/glossary/#write-key">Write key</Link> and <Link to="/dashboard-guides/overview/#data-plane-url">Data plane URL</Link> in the above snippet with actual values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace <Link to="/resources/glossary/#write-key"><code class="inline-code">WRITE_KEY</code></Link> and <Link to="/dashboard-guides/overview/#data-plane-url"><code class="inline-code">DATA_PLANE_URL</code></Link> in the above snippet with the actual values.
```

</div>

> The properties included in the above snippet are explained as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The properties included in the above snippet are explained below:
```

> * **`sendAdblockPage`**: Enables the JavaScript SDK to make a call to load the [**Google AdSense**](https://www.google.com/adsense/start/) library. If RudderStack fails to load this library, it concludes that an ad blocker is enabled on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`sendAdblockPage`**: Enables the JavaScript SDK to make a call to load the [**Google AdSense**](https://www.google.com/adsense/start/) library. If RudderStack fails to load this library, it concludes that an adblocker is enabled on the page.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Since most ad blockers block the request to the Google AdSense servers, this approach is assumed as a good measure to detect ad-blocked pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since most adblockers block the request to the Google AdSense servers, this approach is assumed to be a good measure to detect the ad-blocked pages.
```

</div>

* **`sendAdblockPageOptions`**: If the `sendAdblockPage` property is set to `true`, the JavaScript SDK makes an implicit `page` call about the ad-blocked pages.

> With `sendAdblockPageOptions` (internally contains the <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#integrationopts">`IntegrationOpts`</Link> object), you can provide the destinations to which you want to forward this `page` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `sendAdblockPageOptions` (containing the <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#integrationopts">`IntegrationOpts`</Link> object), you can specify the destinations to which you want to forward this `page` call.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the <a href="https://docs.rudderstack.com/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#filtering-selective-destinations">Filtering selective destinations</a> guide for more information on filtering the destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <a href="https://docs.rudderstack.com/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/filtering/#filtering-destinations">Filtering destinations</a> guide for more information on filtering the destinations.
```

Reviewer: Replaced this link as per the latest structure and headings.
